---
layout: post
title:  "Are you a back seater?"
author: athulya
categories: [ Thoughts ]
posttype: "article"
tags: []
image: 
featured: true
hidden: true
toc: false

---

Going on a drive along the east coast, windows down, feeling the breeze brush your cheeks. "Hey, which music you want to play." As you're about to speak up and say something, someone else speaks up. You look up and realize,you're sitting in the back seat. You're not the driver, and not even in the passenger seat. All you can do is nod and be supportive of the song they selected. You rest your head on the seat, close your eyes, and let your imagination take you away.

## Back seat: The Basics

We use the back seat term when we're in a car and someone tends to yell out instructions from the back seat to the driver, potentially distracting them from driving. Well, this is not really the case. Back seat takes rarely any seats, funny? The term back seat is someone who is a cheerleader. Someone who's a yes person and puts you in the front line. They make your dreams and goals number one priority. Right about now, you're looking at this and wondering why they called a backseater? You can put any term to it, but a backseater will never take the spotlight. Drivers and passengers don't want to crank their neck and turn around every time someone from the back wants to talk. People at the front are the go tos. All the attention is to them, so the people in the back will nod and clap you ahead. Take a moment, think about your relationship, think about your siblings, or your parents. Can you spot someone who is taking the back seat? 





Now you're really getting frustrated at me and thinking, "no way, there's only 2 of us, so we are both in the front". --both of us sitting in the front, meh, needs balance...always will have one in front

